Stackhouse but beyond the yard market
six is back defensively Charles
undaunted I came there to clean up
gentlemen looks to the found Trexler
online
gonna get their turnovers
Alijah one against Coleman and Montross
going to Tucker the rock Iverson with a
man it's beautiful pass by Allen Iverson
had a great finish by Jerry great timing
play by the tube I receive some this
time did he call it Steve did he call
glass I will have to ask him after the
game free online Iverson alone six
Jackson getting period bi-directional
fingertips of Montross a good spot
just over two minutes to go had been
very good first quarter for the Sixers
against the powerful Houston Rockets
Allen Iverson finds his wave for to help
everyone to go a little more witness out
there realizing that maybe Bryson the
holy earth aren't that quick to defend
that guys like Allen Iverson and
Iverson the first six or three-pointer
of the night five on three here is
Elijah lon and Johnson slow to get up
Iverson misses the three but somehow
times Coleman mater's the cat mouse with
Olajuwon takes him to the glass scores
good reverse layup alley-oop for
Stackhouse they ran it again and Gerry
plants two more
mid-thigh Olajuwon tries it
for Gerry sweeps it up no change of
possession dears intend to shoot with
the six Jerry Stackhouse
undaunted drills two also three on Terry
Cummings got a solid first half off the
bench
Marley finds his way Kelly trying to
knock down a free Barkley in front of
Coleman
which are always like the good players
do can come to life at a moment's notice
is Iverson AMS's at the other end my two
I would call them you see Iverson
flirting with a double Charles takes on
all comers that would account it
Montrose is their personal zero
Drexler outdoors Coleman finds parking
who those who can passing
- on dream - on the team the Sixers
already than the penalty here with four
and a half gone in this the third
quarter is Iverson magical as he gets to
the goal for two more active against the
Hydra city's le the steal Iverson alone
then they're able to capitalize on that
Pullman's to berkeley engineers before
on two hits the deck nothing
the Trexler
Houston records really feeling good
about themselves
Sixers down for back to work with a
prince 24 Iverson into trouble
Coleman has it gets to at up to four DC
and run the play at this stage get a
good look yes in a foul
there is coming soon remaining were in
the third comings rolling from Jackson
and ordered on got it again Terry coming
seven four seven leads along with a
sweet sixteen
Willis attracts the double Bologna for
three
best three-point shooting season ever
for a Houston rocket Iverson goaltending
on Willis score two for Allen Iverson
and we're tied more than once Willis
rate to the door slams for two
Jackson tied up with augmented by the
Sixers 5 machine and a few of our
world's carbon
right o'clock what's the shine what a
play by Derek Lowe under seven to play
we're in the pool citrus by three at
Iverson good again
Ivarsson leads the sixers lane team
coming up big again on Davis and Murr TT
looking at his troops down seven says I
need a timeout six is there right now
they leave by seven six minutes and 14
seconds away from a possible first
victory of the year Jackson trying to
escape
Thompson weather straight around the
cheating defender got to as dream was
looking for a steal you know he leads
the league in that department but not
that time
Barclay against Cummings
Ivarsson eye-to-eye with Bologna to the
floor to the hoop challenges allies
along the contact is made and Alan is
found in the ass it is all in a key
Allen Iverson with a Boxster three in
the Sixers leader by seven and we have a
timeout
you want to have to go here in the
fourth
Olajuwon again Weatherspoon Clarence the
rebound the 76 years is going to get
their first victory of the season in of
all places Houston Texas was the last
win here against the Rockets the last I
got it all written down here steeper the
last win here was January 7th of 89 that
lost 11 Street in all witherspoon salts
it away this baby is history
that's a victory in the Larry Brown era
taste my eighty sweet